README.md, before:

TODO

Meta-data for when sending site as a link
badges for languages used in project
fix subscribe button in blog
add badges under projects for languages
update project descriptors to better wording
project section- side scroll buttons?

# **Getting started**

Magic Portfolio was built with [Once UI](https://once-ui.com) for [Next.js](https://nextjs.org). It requires Node.js v18.17+.

**1. Clone the repository**

```
git clone https://github.com/once-ui-system/magic-portfolio.git
```

**2. Install dependencies**

```
npm install
```

**3. Run dev server**

```
npm run dev
```

**4. Edit config**

```
src/app/resources/config
```

**5. Edit content**

```
src/app/resources/content
```

**6. Create blog posts / projects**

```
Add a new .mdx file to src/app/blog/posts or src/app/work/projects
```

# **Features**

## **Once UI**

- All tokens, components & features of [Once UI](https://once-ui.com)

## **SEO**

- Automatic open-graph and X image generation with next/og
- Automatic schema and metadata generation based on the content file

## **Design**

- Responsive layout optimized for all screen sizes
- Timeless design without heavy animations and motion
- Endless customization options through [data attributes](https://once-ui.com/docs/theming)

## **Content**

- Render sections conditionally based on the content file
- Enable or disable pages for blog, work, gallery and about / CV
- Generate and display social links automatically
- Set up password protection for URLs

## **Localization**

- A localized version of Magic Portfolio is available with the next-intl library
- To use localization, switch to the 'i18n' branch

# **Authors of Magic Portfolio**

Connect with us on Threads or LinkedIn.

Lorant Toth: [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@lorant.one), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tothlorant/)  
Zsofia Komaromi: [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@zsofia_kom), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zsofiakomaromi/)

Localization added by [François Hernandez](https://github.com/francoishernandez)

# **License**

Distributed under the CC BY-NC 4.0 License.

- Commercial usage is not allowed.
- Attribution is required.

See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

# **Deploy with Vercel**

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-portfolio&project-name=portfolio&repository-name=portfolio&redirect-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-portfolio&demo-title=Magic%20Portfolio&demo-description=Showcase%20your%20designers%20or%20developer%20portfolio&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.magic-portfolio.com&demo-image=%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-portfolio%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fcover.png)

Commit message:

add stack as acceptable props for project mdx. update stack and summaries for projects

README.md, after:

TODO

Meta-data for when sending site as a link

PROJECTS PART-
add badges under projects for languages
update project descriptors to better wording
project section- side scroll buttons?
add a section for features that uses br after each el in an array

# **Getting started**

Magic Portfolio was built with [Once UI](https://once-ui.com) for [Next.js](https://nextjs.org). It requires Node.js v18.17+.

**1. Clone the repository**

```
git clone https://github.com/once-ui-system/magic-portfolio.git
```

**2. Install dependencies**

```
npm install
```

**3. Run dev server**

```
npm run dev
```

**4. Edit config**

```
src/app/resources/config
```

**5. Edit content**

```
src/app/resources/content
```

**6. Create blog posts / projects**

```
Add a new .mdx file to src/app/blog/posts or src/app/work/projects
```

# **Features**

## **Once UI**

- All tokens, components & features of [Once UI](https://once-ui.com)

## **SEO**

- Automatic open-graph and X image generation with next/og
- Automatic schema and metadata generation based on the content file

## **Design**

- Responsive layout optimized for all screen sizes
- Timeless design without heavy animations and motion
- Endless customization options through [data attributes](https://once-ui.com/docs/theming)

## **Content**

- Render sections conditionally based on the content file
- Enable or disable pages for blog, work, gallery and about / CV
- Generate and display social links automatically
- Set up password protection for URLs

## **Localization**

- A localized version of Magic Portfolio is available with the next-intl library
- To use localization, switch to the 'i18n' branch

# **Authors of Magic Portfolio**

Connect with us on Threads or LinkedIn.

Lorant Toth: [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@lorant.one), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tothlorant/)  
Zsofia Komaromi: [Threads](https://www.threads.net/@zsofia_kom), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zsofiakomaromi/)

Localization added by [François Hernandez](https://github.com/francoishernandez)

# **License**

Distributed under the CC BY-NC 4.0 License.

- Commercial usage is not allowed.
- Attribution is required.

See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

# **Deploy with Vercel**

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-portfolio&project-name=portfolio&repository-name=portfolio&redirect-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-portfolio&demo-title=Magic%20Portfolio&demo-description=Showcase%20your%20designers%20or%20developer%20portfolio&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fdemo.magic-portfolio.com&demo-image=%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fonce-ui-system%2Fmagic-portfolio%2Fmain%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2Fcover.png)
