src/app/work/projects/scheduler.mdx, before:

---
title: "Building many flexible and highly customizable systems"
publishedAt: "2019-10-24"
summary: "Development of a flexible and highly customizable design system using React.js for front-end and Jest, Cypress and Storybook for testing."
images:
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-01.gif"
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-02.jpg"
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-03.jpg"
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-04.jpg"
team:
  - name: "Christopher Ng"
    role: "Software Engineer"
    avatar: "/images/avatar.jpg"
    linkedIn: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopherkyleng/"
  - name: "Karl Jensen"
    role: "Mentor"
    avatar: "/images/projects/project-01/avatar-jensen.jpg"
---

## Overview

Development of a flexible and highly customizable design system using React.js for front-end and Jest, Cypress and Storybook for testing.

## Key Features

- **Component Library**: Built a set of modular, reusable UI components using React and styled-components, focusing on accessibility and responsiveness.
- **Theming and Customization**: Integrated a theming system that allows easy switching and customization of color palettes, typography, and layout styles using CSS variables.
- **Documentation and Usage Guidelines**: Developed comprehensive documentation with Storybook to showcase components, usage patterns, and best practices, ensuring the design system is easy to adopt by other teams.

## Technologies Used

- **React.js**: For fast, server-rendered React applications.
- **Axios**: For creating api calls.
- **Styled-Components**: For styling React components with a modular, themable approach.
- **Storybook**: For building an interactive, documented component library.

Commit message:

update landing page images gifs and update snippets

src/app/work/projects/scheduler.mdx, after:

---
title: "Scheduler"
publishedAt: "2019-10-24"
summary: "Schedule interviews through a highly customizable design system using React.js for front-end and Jest, Cypress and Storybook for testing."
images:
  - "/images/projects/project-01/cover-01.gif"
team:
  - name: "Christopher Ng"
    role: "Software Engineer"
    avatar: "/images/avatar.jpg"
    linkedIn: "https://www.linkedin.com/in/christopherkyleng/"
  - name: "Karl Jensen"
    role: "Mentor"
    avatar: "/images/projects/project-01/avatar-jensen.jpg"
link: "https://github.com/ChrisnNg/scheduler"
---

## Overview

Development of a flexible and highly customizable design system using React.js for front-end and Jest, Cypress and Storybook for testing.

## Key Features

- **Component Library**: Built a set of modular, reusable UI components using React and styled-components, focusing on accessibility and responsiveness.
- **Theming and Customization**: Integrated a theming system that allows easy switching and customization of color palettes, typography, and layout styles using CSS variables.
- **Documentation and Usage Guidelines**: Developed comprehensive documentation with Storybook to showcase components, usage patterns, and best practices, ensuring the design system is easy to adopt by other teams.

## Technologies Used

- **React.js**: For fast, server-rendered React applications.
- **Axios**: For creating api calls.
- **Styled-Components**: For styling React components with a modular, themable approach.
- **Storybook**: For building an interactive, documented component library.
